README.md, before:

# Closer Game

Hey, it's a game that I created for 21st birthday of a very special person. You are welcome to use it as well. Follow [this link](http://t.me/closergame_bot) to play, and I hope you enjoy :)

The bot is deployed with Heroku service, therefore in case of long inactivity, the bot might take longer time to respond. In case it doesn't respond at all, you can contact me :)

## Description

It's a telegram based game that generated a deck of cards and lets you draw from it. Every card has a description, and in case it's unclear you can read the rules provided in the bot. Below you can see some of the cards.

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center;">
<img src="images/A/Size=Large, CardType=ActionKiss.png" style="width: 24%;"/>
<img src="images/Q/Size=Large, CardType=QuestionChangeMovie.png" style="width: 24%;"/>
<img src="images/Q/Size=Large, CardType=QuestionDream.png" style="width: 24%;"/>
<img src="images/R/Size=Large, CardType=Reversed (2).png" style="width: 24%;"/>
</div>

To create the cards, I used Figma which I never used before, so the cards are not perfect and I'm okay with it

## Contact me

If you have interesting ideas, don't hesitate to open an issue :)

Commit message:

add steps how to run locally

README.md, after:

# Closer Game

Hey, it's a game that I created for 21st birthday of a very special person. You are welcome to use it as well. Follow [this link](http://t.me/closergame_bot) to play, and I hope you enjoy :)

The bot is deployed with Heroku service, therefore in case of long inactivity, the bot might take longer time to respond. In case it doesn't respond at all, you can contact me :)

## Description

It's a telegram based game that generated a deck of cards and lets you draw from it. Every card has a description, and in case it's unclear you can read the rules provided in the bot. Below you can see some of the cards.

<div style="display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center;">
<img src="images/A/Size=Large, CardType=ActionKiss.png" style="width: 24%;"/>
<img src="images/Q/Size=Large, CardType=QuestionChangeMovie.png" style="width: 24%;"/>
<img src="images/Q/Size=Large, CardType=QuestionDream.png" style="width: 24%;"/>
<img src="images/R/Size=Large, CardType=Reversed (2).png" style="width: 24%;"/>
</div>

To create the cards, I used Figma which I never used before, so the cards are not perfect and I'm okay with it

## Run the code locally

1. go to bot.py and comment 4 lines at the end (yeah not very developer-friendly but i was lazy) to not create a webhook

2. run this in your terminal:

```bash
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
$ env TOKEN=<your_token> python bot.py
```


## Contact me

If you have interesting ideas, don't hesitate to open an issue :)
